I can't understand it,
Said me, said I followed the bastard,
You must also know how to recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language.
Recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language, recognize language.
Recognize the language Recognize the language Recognize the language Recognize the language Recognize the language Recognize the language
Not many things are good
You said it was you, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay
I'll go and marry you
What's going on after eating? Laohua, let's have dinner at home.
Just don't touch your phone
I have to wash my hands if I want to pass.
Let's eat quickly, husband
Do you know Zhou En?
He is my colleague
What's the matter with you
How can I possibly know someone from your company?
This Zhou En
It's from our company's technical department
Not only does it have the same name as your company, right?
After all, let the name Zhou En
See you soon
Let's eat quickly. What's the phone number of this place?
You want me to plan a failure.
I tell you if you do something
I know everything is my mother
I'll give you back those 30,000 yuan, even if you have the strength to do so.
Can you save some more money?
Don't call me this shit
Remember what I told you
You can think of something but throw away your doubts
Don't go to work recently, go feed it
I don't have it all
How can I give you money to see if you can?
No, I'm a drag
I don't have my life
You won't go to the bank either
It’s not good to eat after making money
I won't eat, okay? Thank you.